In February 2024, a tribunal ruled an airline's chatbot
was a corporate statement.
The airline argued it was a separate entity. The tribunal said no.
AI mistakes are now uncapped corporate liability — and there is no audit trail.
Sworn issues a cryptographic receipt under every AI agent reply.
Anchored on 0G Chain. Persisted on 0G Storage.
The URL is the receipt. Anyone can verify it.
No login. No upload. No Sworn server in the trust path.
Here's a customer service bot built on the Sworn SDK.
I ask: what is your refund policy for damaged goods?
Under every reply, a tiny receipt pill appears.
The chatId on that pill is the dispute primitive.
Clicking the receipt opens the verifier in your browser.
Eleven cryptographic checks run locally against the real 0G Chain.
Anchor exists. Storage retrievable. SHA-256 matches the on-chain root hash.
Body parses, version 1. Prompt hash. Response hash.
TEE signature valid against the snapshot public key. Provider not revoked.
Model hash matches on-chain. All eleven of eleven.
None of them trust us.
The anchor lives on 0G Chain block 33,370,770.
Five contracts back this. If Sworn disappears tomorrow,
the receipt still verifies from the chain alone.
Five contracts on Galileo testnet.
ReceiptRegistry. RevocationRegistry. ReceiptDispute. CommitReveal. SwornReceiptInft.
0G primitive depth 5 of 5.
Drop-in TypeScript SDK. Read-only Python verifier.
Browser extension that highlights any receipt on any page.
Built for production AI teams, auditors, and insurance underwriters.
yonkoo11.github.io/sworn